Change handshake error type (#252)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

If an enable_multipath transport

> parameter is received and the carrying packet does not contain a non-zero

Author: ```suggestion
parameter is received and the carrying packet contains a zero
```
